hello this is ceci with any time travel
and now I'm at the majestic elegance so
we're gonna do an inspection of this
room and this is the category one
bedrooms you ready born one bedroom
suite category so let's go and explore
yes I'm here with IRA hello IRA thank
you for walking me to this beautiful
property so we slicing door nice look at
this is yours
very inside we have bedroom very
spacious double sink got the showers yes
shower it in that was selling the
perfect it's not a beautiful all the
basket with their festive their vanity
stuff hair dryers and now we're going to
see is this is very common for
honeymooners I suppose very beautiful
cork ball bedrooms look at this all the
room for checking half bottle of
champagne and right perfect and this is
a review they said oh it's behavior
very close
wake up in the morning and overlooking
it is the weather is perfect to
year-round this is perfect place for a
vacation
alright so here's one plasma over here
and where's the other TV oh here this
beautiful fishes is that also my betta
as well right yes okay so for people's
Maximus in this room okay perfect and
this belongs to the elegans private club
this is perfect that's great
very beautiful style so positional
category included a special red bands
length
my chest ache okay I start it every day
the people that's great spaceship
all right well thank you my friends for
checking this video I'll be posting more
from Dominican Republic goodbye and
happy and safe travel